Xue Zhilong
Are you still in love with him?
Yuanbao is your biological son
You think about it.
Xue Zhilong, trust me
I'm really not me
No matter what, I won't do anything to your son
Besides, that's the person who went up to the golden armor
Even if you lend me 100 fetuses, I wouldn't dare
I know he is greedy and vain and has no patience for children.
But I believe he's still a bit warm
It can't be him.
Xue Zhilong, you just divorced him
What do you know?
You forgot how he treated you before
You forget what he just said
What are you doing?
Hit it with a gold hoop
Ah!
The Lin family and the Jin family have a feud
It's not necessarily Li Mengdi
But the cake was taken from him
I don't know.
It's just that the dragon is really not me
You let me go
I was wrong, Qin Ruoxi.
Stop Xue Zhilong, you have no right to control me
When will the ingot be ready?
I'll hit him when
I said stop.
Who harmed us Jiang Yuanbao